Now that we've set up our environment we're going to take a look at some implementation of deep learning
with cameras.
So we go to our kids folder that we set up earlier in our virtual environment just to see what we have.
I'm going to say NASA over here.
You can if you're on Windows you can see desired and you'll see all of these folders in the course page.
I will upload a zip file which when you extract you get this notebooks folder out.
If you take a look at the details of this folder Alice notebooks or the notebooks we will see that we
have some Python notebooks over here.
So we activate our virtual environment using source Ben slash activate or if you're on Windows we activated
it scripts slash activate.
Once this is activated we start our Jupiter notebook.
So when we start our Jupiter notebook we get the notebook page over here.
So what we want to do now is by the way you can take a look at 0 0 psychic could introduction.
This is the same thing that we did on try it on Jupiter dot org in the first video.
Now you can executed on here as well.
What we're going to do right now is to start with Qantas and this dash begin the IPA and be the end
result is in 0 1 get us and this dash instructor not by any.
Just in case you want to take a look at it but we're going to start from this and this is kind of a
code along.
So you might want to start by opening your notebook and coding as we go along.
So I'll be cutting it in real time right now.
So if you click on this I buy the notebook.
It will open up in a new tab.
And this is what we have at the moment I have some of the gourd filled in already.
And I'm going to fill in the rest.
So at the very start we have from future important brain function.
This is for Python 2 compatibility.
Since we are in Python 3.
But we want to make sure that if somebody runs our code on Python do it.
They can also have it working properly.
So this is for backwards compatibility.
The next thing that we want to do is well let's execute that.
The next thing that we want to do is important on PI and said no not random dot seed.
This ensures that the random number generation is reproducible.
So you get the same random numbers every time that you've done this notebook.
This makes sure that if you got for instance a good result in an experiment down over here and in this
page it's going to be it's going to give you the same results and the random number generation isn't
going to mess it up for us.
So it's always good a good idea to always have from future import print function and then import none
by an umpire of tiny number of seed.
You must make sure that you import an umpire and you set the seed before you import quotas or cyclone
or anything else that imports an umpire because once they do you don't have a guarantee that the seed
is going to remain the same.
So let's execute that.
And now what we're going to do is we're going to import carriers and from get a start date I said we're
going to import MLS.
So this is going to be exactly parallel to what we did what we did with Scotland except now we're doing
it with deep learning.
So let's execute this.
We're going to set a couple of variables so our number of classes is going to be 10 because we have
digits from zero to 10 0 to 9 are back sizes 128.
So when we have our data points they're going to be fed to the network 128 data points at a time.
So this makes the computation much more efficient than having to feed all the data points at once e-books
is going to be do an e-book is when your known neural network has seen or any machine learning algorithm
has seen all of your data points once.
Right.
So that will be one epoch.
So when you train your machine and you show it the whole training set once that's one bug you can show
it to the machine again and the machine can learn a bit more.
That'll be the second epoch.
So the more e-books you have the more likely the machine is to learn.
So let's set the epoxy to for this demo run when you're doing it yourself you might want to set it to
20 or something like that.
So let's execute this as well.
At the moment these are just variables we'll be using them later.
Now what we want to do is we want to do amnesty not load data.
I mean this is very similar to this I could learn a loading data function we're going to load the data
and the result that we get is going to be set automatically to exchange by train extents by test.
If you recall I told you that this is what stumps most of the machine learning implementation details
when people want to apply machine learning onto their own data.
This is what gets them down.
Right.
We're going to cover this in a later video.
But for now we're loading the data using this black box function.
So let's execute that.
And once the data is loaded let's print out the shape of the extreme my train picks test and whiteness
and this will tell us that we have six thousand data points in extreme and 60 thousand in wide range.
Obviously they need both of them need to be the same because the images all are going to have a neighbor.
The other thing is that the image over here is a 28 across 28 so twenty eight pixels wide and 28 pixels
high.
And we want to change this to a flat vector.
Right.
So that is going to be 28 into 28 which is equal to seven hundred and eighty four pixels in one large
row.
Right.
So in a single vector.
So that's the first thing that we want to do.
So X train is going to equal extremes not appreciate.
So we get this in 28 across 28 a matrix we want to turn it into a vector so this is going to be sixty
thousand and seventy four.
So this is going to be our new shape because 28 x 28 is equal to 74.
So we've changed this to a flat vector.
We also want to change the x test to X test dot reshape and this is going to be ten thousand and seven
eight four.
So we have that we also want to change the type of extreme extreme is going to be extreme.
As type float 32 and we also want to change the x test to X test dot as type slope 32 32.
That's because we don't want them integers wondering floats.
Now let's go ahead and change x train divide is equal to two fifty five.
That's because the current range is 0 to 255.
And what we want them to be is in 0 2 1.
So within the range you would want that just makes learning a little easier.
Was generally a good practice to reskill your input data to lie between 0 and 1.
So we also want to change X test to lie between 0 and 1 so this is called normalizing your data so we're
normalizing the data.
And finally what we want to do is we want to output the shapes so that we know what shape we currently
have.
So let's execute that.
So flawed that needs to be in string.
So there you go.
So we have sixty thousand training samples and 10000 assembled.
So that's obvious.
We also want to offer the shapes again.
So now you will see that this is now instead of being 28 across 28.
This is now eight seven eight for a single vector.
Let's take a look at one particular case off the label so why train 0.
So the first value is five.
Now this five and four and three they need to be changed to something else.
So let's go back to our architecture over here.
So you'll notice that we have one two three and four classes over here.
So in an amnesty example we're going to have nine classes all year.
And what we want to do is to give it the ground truth.
We're going to say that this is false this is false.
This is false.
And this is false.
But the fifth one is going to be true by 2 0 1 2 3 4.
And the fifth note overhead is going to get the ground truth of one because this image that we're feeding
it is one and everything else is going to be a zero.
So let's take a look over here and you'll see what we mean.
So 5 needs to turn to a vector which is going to be 0 0 0 0 so that's 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and 9.
So this is what we call a 1 Hot vector so 0 1 2 3 4 and fifth value is going to be 1.
Everything else is going to be zero.
This is because the machine finds it much more easy to learn this type of data instead.
If instead of if we give it a fight.
So that is typically what we will want to do in multi class classification.
You want to change your training and test labels to something called one part of a trend according and
you can do that really easily using get unstuck utilize dot to categorical.
Right.
And we're going to give it like paint and we're going to tell it plumbing glasses.
We have rights we have 10 classes and we're also going to do the same for the test
data points.
Right.
So we do that and this is going to turn white train 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 because it's the fifth labor pool
here.
And then everything else is also zero right.
So this is not a one factor in coding and this is how you represent multi class labels and instead of
saying it's a five.
You say it's this vegetable in here and this essentially captures the middle class classification.
Now in the next video we're going to take this data that we have just prepared and we're going to feed
it to a neural network that we create.